[Music] Let's
see, let's comment on Amador's interview,
okay, gentlemen, if we reach 50, if we reach
50, if we reach the goal, let's
watch Amador's interview and we'll
go to the salseria, right? Oh, and but we also
have other gossip, eh. Not much, but we do have
two
or three things to comment on here, nothing's quick about
Dani Alves and one thing, okay, let's
comment on, let's see, well, this interview
with Amador tomorrow, it's not that it
left us many headlines here, I
asked a friend to leave me the
headlines that she saw fit and and
comment on it, but well, as you can see, the ratings have
been a failure, okay,
eh, nobody expected it, I don't know, it's not that I do
n't understand what Juanjo thought was that
this was going to be the divine papaya, I
mean, he bought a little shirt and everything and
when when amad it was Friday and I, I
swear that what I thought was that
he was comparing himself to when what
happened to us during
Fran's week happened to us and then Fran came out and spoke here on
my main channel  before any
place I don't think it's Loli can't
pronounce you Fer worldly face crying
of also also it's a good it's a
good conclusion solaje a kiss okay eh I
said it okay memeo No no but it's that
way I mean I don't I think that he
believed that they were going to be calling him
throughout the week of all the
programs and him coming in with his
new mass in all the programs and with his
new mustache and and that then when Amador
spoke on his channel he was going to have 40,000
viewers like when Fran came the
other day and spoke before
anywhere no after what happened is that
yes yes he believed that María de la Cruz
but I don't know at what moment he thought that I do
n't know why is that Amador what is he going to
say yes yes Amador has already been
interviewed no I don't know but well
headlines that he points out to me here Russell
says the caps say that he doesn't understand
why there was so much fuss after
announcing the interview and that the problem
there is that there are many people who speak
in his name or rather that he speaks in the name
of Amador well I understand that  will
refer to Francisco of course to Francisco and
Antonio David not assuming that
Amador was going to go to Antonio David's Channel
okay to which Amador responds
let's see I never
had any dates with Antonio David I was supposed to go say
hello and nothing happened Well that was the
same thing that Antonio David agreed on
with Juanjo the day he announced it
like Antonio David was responding to the
docuseries and that it was a mega interview
on his channel Antonia vi actually what he
told him was to stop by the channel
that day to say hello and he
sold it like a great interview Javi
you know if there's anyone who went to sleep
sad man I'm seeing that Juan J has
n't gone to bed with a smile
he messed it up of course Well but trust you eh
the blackmail that he has done to Amador
eh I mean the emotional blackmail in
quotes okay I mean trust you what
Amador has done to him that Amador has
taken and has gone there with how
interesting that and now he's not going to go for
Antonio's people I said with interesting that he
would have been to see  Amador with
Antonia I saw that there I would have had there I would have had an
audience you understand me
paquita hit him live
very very live Amador Well send me
the cli I'll see it now we put it now
okay for this tract eh but those who
talk about me like this one from Seville yes
Amador has mentioned me says but those
who talk about me like this one from Seville
How shameless he is man you can't
say these things about people you
have to prove when you say something
that I have a criminal conviction that I
bring here buses waiting Wait wait wait let's
go by part
Amador that you have a criminal conviction
Well tell me if it's criminal or not it's criminal
because maybe it's civil I don't know eh
but Amador
moedano
sentenced dogs Look Amador 10 minutes
magazine 10 minutes Amador moedano
sentenced for the aggression of his dogs
to a girl okay sentenced to pay almost
2000 in compensation Well then maybe
a civil conviction okay But come on
a conviction a conviction for an assault
a conviction for an assault let's see
if it says that it's criminal or civil  eh the
animals were loose in the park and
attacked a 13 year old girl leaving
several wounds and scratches for which the
girl had to go to the
Chipiona clinic Amador denied what happened at all times
Shameless You are a
shameless okay he has been sentenced to
a fine of 2000 I don't know maybe it's not a
penalty eh an amount that he will have to pay
before September if he doesn't want to
see his accounts seized the mother says
that Amador has not yet apologized and
said that with the money he was going to remove
the scars caused by
the dogs' aggression with a laser I mean dude You didn't
even apologize to the girl's mother
uncle of a 13 year old girl I
don't know if this is a penalty or not I understand
that this is a penalty an attack by the
dogs on you such and such And you had the dogs
on IVs okay And on top of that you were lying No according to
this news in court Amador in his in
his full essence witch a kiss
Thank you very much Amador moedano
convicted Amador reported
this is a penalty this is a penalty this I don't  I
see it in a way other than criminal, eh
Look, 2000 for damages, for me
this is a criminal offense. But well, he says
no, but well, Amador being Amador,
Amador, you can't believe anything he says,
but what a scoundrel, eh, the guy
denying, I mean, after the dogs
bit a minor and left her with injuries,
the guy denying the facts, man, at
least bow your head to a
plea bargain and pay him, we'll have to
see if you paid him. No, man. I mean, he
takes the dog with me. Imagine that I take him
loose, no, at night I
take him loose. Okay, according to the AI, it's civil,
where does it say that it's civil? José Luis
must have paid for it, but it's civil,
your dogs at, well, it could be
civil compensation, let's see, wait, I
'm going to ask gr, but of course.
This isn't always correct, a
conviction
for your dog, Amador
Moedano has a conviction because his
dogs attacked a minor and he was
fined. Was this trial civil or criminal? It doesn't make
sense to me that it's
civil, it doesn't make sense to me that the mother  of the
girl, it doesn't make sense to me that the girl's mother
hired a lawyer and filed
a lawsuit claiming compensation, what
makes sense to me is that the mother went to
the police station and or called the
police and reported Amador, that is a
criminal offense, okay, what is true is that
the fine is the civil part, it is a
conviction, eh, it is the civil part, do you
understand? I mean, no, it doesn't make sense to me that this is
a civil lawsuit, don't insist,
verifiable updated information, this
is a criminal case. Look, given that you mention a
conviction and a fine, this suggests a
criminal trial. Since in the civil sphere, we do
n't talk about a conviction but rather about
liability or compensation, which
are what I have had, a civil case,
compensation for having insulted
someone, you understand. But well, we don't
know. Because we don't have the sentence,
but come on, this is a criminal case, chaj PT.
Well, but that is not known. I don't know what
she is telling you, but come on, I don't care
Amador, you are a
scoundrel, I don't care that you are a
scoundrel and that your dogs bit
a girl, whether it was a criminal case or a civil case, it doesn't matter to me.
same man you are condemned
because your dogs bit a girl and on
top of that you didn't even ask the
mother for forgiveness man Eh well what more than I have
a criminal conviction that I bring here
buses of well not only do you have
a criminal conviction It's that you got your sister
into a mess Amador Look Rocío
Jurado
condemned million you got your sister
into a mess Look Amador this A mess in which
you got your sister look what you
want to talk about civil convictions Look
the Palma court has condemned
Rocío Jurado to compensate a
Mallorcan company for having suspended
a concert in the bullring okay
despite the fact that she had received a sum of
money as an advance okay It turns out
that someone arranged a concert for
Rocío Jurado and collecting an advance okay
the court in a sentence ta ta ta ta
ta that returns the money okay the
Popular n dillera was hired by the
company tatat to hold a
concert in the bullring on tat day such and
such however Rocío Jurado alleged
cooling problems in her throat
to suspend the concert the  The company
understood the problem and proposed to
postpone the gala but the artist did not
accept the proposal and the concert was never
held okay eh the sentence explains
that the artist whose representative his
own brother go Amador Amador
moedano received as an advance the sum
of one and a half million pesetas okay one and a
half million peseta you took
Amador okay between the parties they agreed
that if the show was not held
Rocío Jurado would return the money she
received as an advance as is normal and would
also pay out of pocket one million
peseta for the advertising costs and
the procedures okay so she had to
return the million and a half advance and
another million as a penalty
eh they condemned him in all instances
Okay and Rocío Jurado maintained that she had no
knowledge that she had to perform in that
bullring and that she had not
received that advance either I've
heard you Indian now I see it I mean
Amador you got your sister into trouble you
are an Amador Amador Amador
is an Amador eh Scoundrel you got
your sister into a  screwed up in a trial
where she was convicted because you received an
advance for a concert
your sister was going to give and you didn't tell your sister
that you had received that advance jea you
are a J
what a piece come on what a piece eh I
bring buses of women to start
scrubbing In what head does it fit and the
Diogenes syndrome in my house you can
sleep on the floor
everything is so clean always now they're talking about the
interview that he asked Juanjo
that after the interview if they
told him something okay now they're talking about the
interview of on Friday okay Juanjo
asked him and he said no way Amador
tells him Juanjo you have the best community
and then Juanjo takes the opportunity
to say that It's a good thing he doesn't have
social media because today he launched an account
that uploaded 150 videos about him I mean
Juanjo says to Amador It's a good thing he doesn't
have social media because today I had to
launch 150 videos dude you launched Juanjo
150 tweets of people posting your clip
dude you launched 150 videos the cap tells him that  they
banned him if he
asks Juanjo asks Amador
if they banned him from talking about YouTube
and Amador answered no
guajo I told you the other day we'll see it we'll
see it now Sister cotill now we'll see it I
told you the other day
guajo eh look Let's see what I'll send you something El Indio a kiss kiss now we'll look at it by the way we've had 12 super chats without counting eh Juanjo the other day when it was amador on Friday and you reacted to the full interview on your channel you were more
concerned about whether to see if it was going to you I don't
know why he thought they were going to
mention him look He almost mentioned us Oh
look they've banned him they've banned him from
talking about YouTube they've banned him from
talking about YouTube Amador was going to
mention us and they shut him up no no no
Look Amador told you they didn't
ban me from talking about YouTube that they don't they don't
know you guo they don't know who you
are but they did call
Consuelo before you guo
goram just said too looking at the
camera he doesn't authorize any
television to publish anything about the content
of his interview with
Amador who interviews us is an interview that is not
an interview it is a constant ass licker
to Amador and that if any colleague
wanted to have sex with her that they could have sex with her
as long as the
truth of the content was not modified Of course
the truth of the content is not modified it's that you do
not like what is said about the
interview in total now they are
both saying that on Spanish television and on
Osa it is not going to work that they will make a
flop I do not believe it I think it is going to be
a success they have also been denying
things about their lovers that came out in the
interviews nothing starts to comment on these
maids who went to
clean that Juanjo says that from
now on he will do his own thing that he is not going to answer
to anyone only a
hoax has to be dismantled this has been Amador's interview
Juanjo says no that the Sister has already
denied all this that he does not know where
the hoax about the cleanings came from
Amador says Suddenly you have me, I
mean Amador says to Juanjo you
have me he is the one who wants everything  the
world suddenly Amador believes Amador
believes that everyone loves him
suddenly But for what To have 1900
viewers Amador eh And Juanjo says that
he will always be there to defend him
because they wanted to turn the
interview around saying that it had no
impact Juanjo had no impact
Amador's interview didn't matter to
anyone Amador's interview Juanjo
look Javi what Amador just said
that on tele cco they gave him like a
tempt But nothing too light and
that when he left the interview he was
hungry and since he was there he didn't
know anyone and he called Cris to
tell her that he was hungry that he hadn't
eaten and he called I can't believe it or
rather Amador when the interview ended
on Friday he started calling a
W fan to bring him
food to the hotel and in the end he got lost
and didn't bring the food to the hotel Amador
just told her that he has to make a
third documentary and the other one was already
saying that he wanted to go on
vacation again in August what's
putting me here  Russell how will it be
Wait Wait I mean wait Wait wait
Russell says that Juanjo has been
saying for several days that he wants to go in
August again okay because he wants to go to
Chipiona as if it were that
eh the sanctuary of Francua okay he
wants to make a third documentary and he goes
and says eh that Juanjo has
wanted to go back to Chipiona for a long time because the last
time he stayed in a hotel there he wanted to
stay in a hotel that had a pool in the
room and they gave him one that didn't
have a pool in the room and
then he was like it didn't exist So he
wants to see a hotel with a
pool in the room pool in the
room will it be a jacuzzi no
jacuzzi no and they gave him one that had a
pool and he was going to ask for that one because he
was like he hadn't seen So he has
never seen a hotel with a pool
I remember that in Malaga I'm freaking out that
no I don't know if it was in Malaga or
Madrid but I'm freaking out that there were hotels
that had a pool on the roofs HM I'm
freaking out with that man Fernando is
literally cool eh What is that Russell Oh
look about the fine about the fine let's see
the court  number 2s of san lucar de
barrameda has sentenced Amador moedano
to pay approximately 2000 to the 13 year old girl
who was bitten by his dogs in the fall
of 2014 and caused injuries to her
breasts. Shameless person, I want that money
to give to my daughter to take
the child the faith that will remove those
marks that her breasts have. That's the
only thing I want, the little breasts that
are that I don't know, I don't know, so ugly, no, the judge
in his ruling duly proven
that that afternoon while Amador was
having a drink at a kiosk, his dogs
were running loose in a square in chipiona with the
guy drinking, the guy hitting
you, the loose dogs that bite little
girls, a square in chipiona, at the moment in which they
attacked the little girl who was
playing there, she was
outside with a sandwich and a juice and
right away the dog came up and
launched itself at the girl with a scratch, per est,
a beer, go on, go hitting the beer,
what he
declared had nothing to do with the version that
we  gave Amador makes man of course It
has nothing to do with the versions that
Amador gives months defending the innocence of
my dog ​​because it is a dog that is
a lamb yes a lamb a
lamb that has caused some consequences
to a girl good try Amador but the
judge was very clear and knew that it was
a dog yours the name Conor to
be more exact in addition to paying the
costs of the trial the judge condemns
Amador as responsible for what happened
so the brother of the Jury Of course I
understand that this can be civil Eh it
can be civil la la la No I'm not
clear eh Because I also tell you that it
surprises me a lawsuit that they file
a lawsuit for that costs a lot of money
when a dog a dog bites your
children you go to the most normal thing is that you
call the police you will not have to pay
the plaintiff 400 plaintiff you see 40
for the days of healing plus 850 for the
consequences and 150 to the court as a fine for
going out on the street with the dogs loose
a fine that that is criminal and without  muzzle while
the speech was being made I think it's a
criminal case I think this is a trial I think
this is the right thing to do I think it's a
criminal case but with
civil liability but
funnier well fine fine a fine to
amador moeda no neg fine for running the
dogs loose and compensation for
the girl of course I mean it's a I think it's a
criminal case with
civil liability but come on I don't care he's a
scoundrel whether it's criminal or civil whatever it
is effective he said that they weren't
his dogs and that he had to
prove it he told us
when he was leaving that Juanjo starts to
tear his clothes because I
have a civil conviction for insulting
his friend Joan Plana who is also
happy about people's deaths
Okay and yet his friend has a
conviction Okay and a fine because the
dogs attack a minor Okay and
leaves her feeling like she's still smelling Recording the program in which he
collaborated women men and
vice versa he said that he
had denied before the judge that they were his dogs
finally we saw the sentence and
Amador admits before the judge that they were
his dogs  you can't prove what you say
that it can't be proven that they were his
dogs but the judge says that there are no
other dogs in the square like that
What a scoundrel the guy says no that they
weren't his dogs but then there he
ended up saying yes okay And that
finally Amador convicted will have to
pay as you have seen in the video
1500 more or less yes 1500 plus the costs
and the fine that he has to pay to the
court has received this notification
from the court to the at the same
time as the mother of the minor and
before September he would have to pay it
if not seize seize even more
in Amador's accounts damn well this
will have to be seen if he has paid it no And by the
way the only thing that hurts
Amador's mother is that you have not called her
and at no time have you bothered to take an
interest in taking an interest in the
minor's health that totally totally what a
character eh what a character the one who
rasel the last thing you put to me what do you
mean what do you mean with the
last thing you put to me  well wait I'm going to
see what the Indian sent me let's see see
Salomé sent this to me she says to the
Civil Guard barracks you see
this is a criminal I mean this is a criminal
this is a criminal that then has a
civil liability okay I mean many
times when you have a criminal trial
well they put aside an indemnity
that that is the civil liability
whenever we talk about criminal trials there
is also a part of
civil liability flip man I mean don't go around like a rooster By the
way, not only people won't go to your channel, not people will
just go to say hello right we do
n't want those those who just go up to say
hello very well lofly very well we are not
interested no no because look at me the
truth Look if you have to leave you go and you
really leave because to say hello to God
very good we are not interested right
no no no no Look eh you see and there is one thing that I have very clear and I have a price eh the people who say they have no price are lying I have a price But the price that I have there are people who could never pay it in their life
because my price has to  to do with
dignity has to do with
feelings it has to do with
common sense and and it has to do with the
truth and then mm this is the privilege
of a few this is the privilege of a few and there are
people who are better off never coming in to say
hello Nor are there people who are better off
never being in your life eh In the
end Well when you're older and you
reach my age you'll understand
because the less bulk the more Clarity and there are
people who are worth it and there are
others who just give it that
simple exo and and there are classes of people
and there are people with class and there are some
who are simply a class of people Yes
I also say Always this saying so
recurrent that says of popular sayings about
time locates the time of and removes
reasons it's a truth But I
always like to add that I am one of those who
also try to wait for time but to make it
easier Also take it now Take it
plain no
[Music]